Update docs on website maintenance (#26675)
emscripten-core/emscripten: docs/process.md

## Updating the `emscripten.org` Website

The `emscripten.org` site is maintained in the `site/source` directory.  It is
written in reStructuredText and maintained using the Sphinx tool.

The site is hosted in the `gh-pages` branch of the separate [site

> repository][site_repo].  There is CI job which run on the `main` branch that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository][site_repo].  There is a CI job which runs on the `main` branch that
```
